cmake: Rename `SECP256K1_LATE_CFLAGS` and switch to Bitcoin Core's approach (#1546)
bitcoin-core/secp256k1: CMakeLists.txt

  enable_testing()
endif()

> set(SECP256K1_APPEND_CFLAGS "" CACHE STRING "Compiler flags that are appended to the command line after all other flags added by the build system. It is intended for debugging and special builds.")

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
set(SECP256K1_APPEND_CFLAGS "" CACHE STRING "Compiler flags that are appended to the command line after all other flags added by the build system. This variable is intended for debugging and special builds.")
```

Author: Reworked. Not using "global override" as it can be confusing in cases when libsecp is integrated by an upstream project.
